??Dr Ta Nguyen Binh Duong	?Novel Blockchain Applications
?donta@ntu.edu.sg	?This project explores the potentials of the rising blockchain technology beyond cryptocurrency. We will investigate smart contracts (e.g., Ethereum), and leverage them to develop novel distributed applications in untrusted environments. Good programming and software design skills are needed for this project. A good conference/journal publication is expected upon project’s completion.?


?Dr Ta Nguyen Binh Duong	?Security and pr?ivacy issues in cloud infrastructure?
?donta@ntu.edu.sg	The use of virtualization and resource multiplexing enable commercial cloud providers to maximize utilization but at the same time introduce new security vulnerabilities. It has been demonstrated that malicious users could launch virtual machines (VM) which are placed co-resident (on the same physical machine) with the target VM. Such placement in turn may lead to cross-VM side-channel attacks to extract sensitive information from the target VM. In this project, we investigate solutions including but not limited to VM placement algorithms to ensure security and privacy for cloud infrastructure. This project assumes a good background in algorithm development and programming skills (Python). A good conference/journal publication is expected upon project’s completion.?

Assoc Prof Anwitaman Datta	Implementing and experimenting with novel erasure codes for distributed storage systems
anwitaman@ntu.edu.sg	
This project will involve understanding and implementing several families of recently proposed erasure codes, followed by thorough experimentations in computer clusters to benchmark these codes under varied workloads. The student needs to have good understanding of number theory, particularly finite fields (in order to understand the code structures), and good programming skills in general, as well as with ?socket/network programming. Knowledge of distributed systems is desirable, but not necessary.



Assoc Prof Anwitaman Datta	?Adapting proof of data possession techniques for efficient RAID monitoring?
?anwitaman@ntu.edu.sg	?Proof of data possession (PDP) techniques are usually used to detect data integrity when data is stored/outsourced with an untrusted server (e.g., on the cloud). It is a probabilistic technique and thus highly efficient, and scales well with volume of data. The purpose of the project will be to adapt the ideas from PDP in the context of RAID (redundant array of independent disks) systems. The student should have very good linux kernel + C programming skills. Knowledge of RAID systems will be an additional advantage to have.?



app and npti
default app
opn link